docs(processors): Add plugin metadata and update description for a* to o* (#17098)
influxdata/telegraf: plugins/processors/converter/README.md

# Converter Processor Plugin

> This plugin allows to transform tags into fields or timestamp and to convert
> fields into tags or timestamp. The plugin furthermore allows to change the field
> type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This plugin allows transforming tags into fields or timestamps, and converting
fields into tags or timestamps. The plugin furthermore allows to change the field
type.
```
